Add instructions to verify the release candidate (#10493)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/README.md

<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of contents**

>   - [Airflow Pull Request Tool](#airflow-pull-request-tool)

Reviewer: Can you keep a heading hierarchy?
https://developers.google.com/style/headings

Author: Ah indeed we miss the first heading

Author: The develpment tools one was above the TOC that 's why it was missing from the automatically generated TOC

Author: Should be much nicer now :)

gpg: WARNING: This key is not certified with a trusted signature!
gpg:          There is no indication that the signature belongs to the owner.
Primary key fingerprint: 1271 7556 040E EF2E EAF1  B9C2 75FC CD0A 25FA 0E4B
```

## Verifying the SHA512 sum

Run this:

```bash
for i in *.sha512
do
    echo "Checking $i"; gpg --print-md SHA512 `basename $i .sha512 ` | diff - $i
done
```

You should get output similar to:

```
Checking apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-bin.tar.gz.sha512
Checking apache_airflow-1.10.12rc4-py2.py3-none-any.whl.sha512
Checking apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-source.tar.gz.sha512
```

# Verifying if the release "works" by Contributors

This can be done (and we encourage to) by any of the Contributors. In fact, it's best if the
actual users of Apache Airflow test it in their own staging/test installations. Each release
is available as PyPI release - not only as SVN packages, so everyone should be able to install
the release candidate version of Airflow via simply (<VERSION> is 1.10.12 for example, and <X> is
release candidate number 1,2,3,....).

```
pip install apache-airflow==VERSIONrcX`
```
Optionally it can be followed with constraints

```bash

> pip install apache-airflow-<VERSION>>rc<X> \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pip install apache-airflow-<VERSION>rc<X> \
```

## SVN check

The files should be present in the sub-folder of
[Airflow dist](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/airflow/)

The following files should be present (9 files):

* -bin-tar.gz + .asc + .sha512
* -source.tar.gz + .asc + .sha512
* -.whl + .asc + .sha512

As a PMC you should be able to clone the SVN repository:

```bash
svn co https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/airflow
```

Or update it if you already checked it out:

```bash
svn update .
```

## Verifying the licences

This can be done with the Apache RAT tool.

* Download the latest jar from https://creadur.apache.org/rat/download_rat.cgi (unpack the sources,
  the jar is inside)
* Unpack the -source.tar.gz to a folder
* Enter the folder and run the check (point to the place where you extracted the .jar)

```bash
java -jar ../../apache-rat-0.13/apache-rat-0.13.jar -E .rat-excludes -d .
```

## Verifying the signatures

Make sure you have the key of person signed imported in your GPG. You can find the valid keys in
[KEYS](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/airflow/KEYS). You can import them with the GPG
command. The below one uses Kaxil's key and retrieves it from the default GPG keyserver

> [OpenPGP.org](https://keys.openpgp.org):

Reviewer 3: The following should work if a PMC/contributor doesn't want to import keys from OpenPGP server

```
gpg --import KEYS
```

```bash
gpg --receive-keys 12717556040EEF2EEAF1B9C275FCCD0A25FA0E4B
```

You should choose to import the key when asked.

Note that by being default, the OpenPGP server tends to be overloaded often and might respond with
errors or timeouts. Many of the release managers also uploaded their keys to the
[GNUPG.net](https://keys.gnupg.net) keyserver, and you can retrieve it from there.

```bash
gpg --keyserver keys.gnupg.net --receive-keys 12717556040EEF2EEAF1B9C275FCCD0A25FA0E4B
```

Once you have the keys, the signatures can be verified by running this:

```bash
for i in *.asc
do
   echo "Checking $i"; gpg --verify `basename $i .sha512 `
done
```

This should produce results similar to the below. The "Good signature from ..." is indication
that the signatures are correct. Do not worry about the "not certified with a trusted signature"
warning. Most of certificates used by release managers are self signed, that's why you get this

> warnning. By importing the server in the previous step and importing it via ID from

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
warning. By importing the server in the previous step and importing it via ID from
```

gpg: WARNING: This key is not certified with a trusted signature!
gpg:          There is no indication that the signature belongs to the owner.
Primary key fingerprint: 1271 7556 040E EF2E EAF1  B9C2 75FC CD0A 25FA 0E4B
Checking apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-source.tar.gz.asc
gpg: assuming signed data in 'apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-source.tar.gz'
gpg: Signature made sob, 22 sie 2020, 20:28:25 CEST
gpg:                using RSA key 12717556040EEF2EEAF1B9C275FCCD0A25FA0E4B
gpg: Good signature from "Kaxil Naik <kaxilnaik@gmail.com>" [unknown]
gpg: WARNING: This key is not certified with a trusted signature!
gpg:          There is no indication that the signature belongs to the owner.
Primary key fingerprint: 1271 7556 040E EF2E EAF1  B9C2 75FC CD0A 25FA 0E4B
```

## Verifying the SHA512 sum

Run this:

```bash
for i in *.sha512
do
    echo "Checking $i"; gpg --print-md SHA512 `basename $i .sha512 ` | diff - $i
done
```

You should get output similar to:

```
Checking apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-bin.tar.gz.sha512
Checking apache_airflow-1.10.12rc4-py2.py3-none-any.whl.sha512
Checking apache-airflow-1.10.12rc4-source.tar.gz.sha512
```

> # Verifying if the release "works" by Contributors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Verifying if the release candidate "works" by Contributors
```

This can be done (and we encourage to) by any of the Contributors. In fact, it's best if the

> actual users of Apache Airflow test it in their own staging/test installations. Each release
> is available as PyPI release - not only as SVN packages, so everyone should be able to install

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
actual users of Apache Airflow test it in their own staging/test installations. Each release candidate
is available on PyPI apart from SVN packages, so everyone should be able to install
```

Reviewer 3: Just because we were strictly told to not call RCs on PyPI as releases and instead call Snapshots

the release candidate version of Airflow via simply (<VERSION> is 1.10.12 for example, and <X> is
release candidate number 1,2,3,....).

```
pip install apache-airflow==VERSIONrcX`
```
Optionally it can be followed with constraints

```bash

> pip install apache-airflow-<VERSION>>rc<X> \

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
pip install apache-airflow-<VERSION>rc<X> \
```
